Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement
THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of between thoughtbot, inc. having its place of business at 41 Winter Street, 7th Floor, Boston, MA 02108 and , having its place of business at .
1. Purpose
The above named entities wish to explore a business opportunity of mutual interest and in connection with this opportunity wishes to execute this Non Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”).
2. Confidential Information
Confidential information means any information disclosed to by one party to the other, either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or by inspection of tangible or intangible objects, including without limitation documents, business plans, source code, software, documentation, financial analysis, marketing plans, customer names, customer list, customer data. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed to a party by third parties at the direction of a Disclosing Party. Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which the Receiving party can establish (i) was publicly known and made generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after disclosure through no action or inaction of Receiving Party; or (iii) is in the possession of Receiving Party, without confidentiality restrictions, at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party as shown by Receiving Party’s files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure. The party disclosing the Confidential Information shall be referred to as “Disclosing Party” in the Agreement and the party receiving the Confidential Information shall be referred to as “Receiving Party” in the Agreement.
3. Non-use and Non-disclosure
The Receiving Party agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose except to evaluate and engage in discus-sions concerning a potential business relationship between the parties hereto. Receiving Party agrees not to disclose any Con-fidential Information to third parties or to its employees, except to those employees who are required to have the information in order to evaluate or engage in discussions concerning the contemplated business relationship. The Receiving Party shall not reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any prototypes, software or other tangible objects which embody the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information and which are provided to the Receiving Party hereunder.
4. Maintenance and Confidentiality Information
The Receiving Party agrees that it shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unau-thorized use of the Confidential Information. Without limiting the foregoing, Receiving Party shall take at least those measures that Receiving Party takes to protect its own most highly confidential information and shall have its employees, if any, who have access to Confidential Information sign a nonuse and non-disclosure agreement in content substantially similar to the provi-sions hereof, prior to any disclosure of Confidential Information to such employees. The Receiving Party shall not make any cop-ies of Confidential Information unless the same are previously approved in writing by the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall reproduce the Disclosing Party’s proprietary rights notices on any such approved copies, in the same manner in which such notices were set forth in or on the original. The Receiving Party shall immediately notify the Disclosing Party in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information.
5. No Obligation
Nothing herein shall obligate either party to proceed with any transaction between them, and each party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the discussions contemplated by this Agreement concerning the business opportunity.
6. No Warranty
ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”. NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING ITS ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR PERFORMANCE.
7. Return of Materials
All documents and other tangible objects containing or representing Confidential Information and all copies thereof which are in the possession of Receiving Party shall be and remain the property of the Disclosing Party and shall be promptly returned to the Disclosing Party upon the Disclosing Party’s request.
8. No License
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to either party under any patent, mask work right or copyright of Company, nor shall this Agreement grant Receiving Party any rights in or to Confidential Information except as expressly set forth herein.
9. Term
This Agreement shall survive for a period of 3 years from the date of disclosure of the Confidential Information.
10. Remedies
The Receiving Party agrees that any violation or threatened violation of this Agreement will cause irreparable injury to the Dis-closing Party, entitling the Disclosing Party to obtain injunctive relief in addition to all legal remedies.
11. Miscellaneous
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without reference to conflict of laws principles. This docu-ment contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision hereof. This Agreement may not be amended, nor any obligation waived, except by a writing signed by both parties hereto. Any and all disputes arising under or related to this Agreement shall be adjudicated exclusively in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties have executed this Nondisclosure Agreement as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement on the date set forth as written above.
thoughtbot, inc.
Authorized Signature Authorized Signature
Printed Name Printed Name and Title
